tiup: complete tiup cluster tls desc (#22861)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-component-cluster-tls.md

`<cluster-name>` specifies the cluster for which you want to enable or disable TLS.

> **Note:**
>

> > Currently, the `tiup cluster tls` command supports enabling or disabling TLS only for clusters with a single PD node. For clusters with multiple PD nodes, executing the `tiup cluster tls` command directly results in an error, because switching the TLS status causes communication exceptions between PD nodes. To enable or disable TLS for a cluster with multiple PD nodes, first [`scale-in`](/tiup/tiup-component-cluster-scale-in.md) the PD nodes to 1, and then execute the `tiup cluster tls` command.

Author: ```suggestion
> Currently, the `tiup cluster tls` command supports enabling or disabling TLS only for clusters with a single PD node. For clusters with multiple PD nodes, executing the `tiup cluster tls` command directly returns an error, because switching the TLS status can cause communication exceptions between PD nodes. To enable or disable TLS for a cluster with multiple PD nodes, first [`scale-in`](/tiup/tiup-component-cluster-scale-in.md) the PD nodes to one node, and then execute the `tiup cluster tls` command.
```
